you're getting started with LinkedIn ads
for the first time there's three really
important questions you have to answer
the first one is what is the right
budget for you the second one is what
should your strategy be depending on
your goals and then finally the third
one is how do you actually launch your
first campaign without exploding your
budget in the process in this video I
want to walk you through exactly those
three things if you're new to the
channel my name is Sylvia Perez I'm the
founder of AD conversion 5,000 plus B2B
marketers take our free courses on
LinkedIn ads Google and other topics and
then in addition to that I also run an
ad agency working with B2B SAS companies
with about $3 million a month in ad
spent under management and Linkedin is
the biggest channel for B2B so this is
definitely something that we're doing
and working on every single day and my
whole goal with this video is like to
talk to you like I talked to my team
members and just give you like really
hard solid truths of LinkedIn so as you
enter this world you know you kind of
get set up with the right frame of mind
and perspective so let's first talk
about budget and how to approach budget
so I've got here a LinkedIn ads budget
calcul resource for you and I really
want to teach you how to think about
budget conceptually versus just giving
you like standard numbers I'll walk you
through some strategies that I recommend
you get started with in a bit but I want
to teach you how to think about budget
and what is the right budget for you
depending on your goals and your
situation versus just saying if you're
going to run LinkedIn ads you should
spend only a minimum of like 1,000 bucks
a month or 3,000 bucks a month like that
to me is personally not very helpful so
I want to teach you how to think about
this so This resource will be in the
description box down below for you guys
this is something that we created for
the AC conversion Community but
essentially the way it works is with
LinkedIn like the first fundamental
difference with LinkedIn and
understanding budget and how you
approach LinkedIn which I'm just going
to like quickly doodle out for you here
uh stay with me here with my uh with my
drawings but essentially with LinkedIn
how it's different from meta YouTube um
Twitter like a lot of these other
platforms these social platforms is when
you're talking things like you know meta
ads or YouTube ads what you're really
trying to do is you're trying to burn
the ocean like so essentially the ocean
in this case this is your total
addressable market right so these are
this is your target audience size so
I've got a little stick figure person
here who is uh you know your your market
and really what you're doing is you're
casting a really wide net and then you
are letting the algorithm do a lot of
the heavy lifting to reach the right
people this is fundamentally different
from how you approach LinkedIn ads with
LinkedIn ads you're not trying to burn
the ocean like in this example here what
you're really trying to do is you're
trying to burn the pond so burning the
pond means you're only interested in a
very small subset of people within this
larger ocean right as an example and the
reason why is because with LinkedIn ads
the greatest advantage that you have
over other platforms is targeting with
LinkedIn you have the ability to Target
not just based on the contact the person
but also the company and in addition to
that you have a ton of different
criteria for you in terms of job title
seniority function member skills member
groups uh Industries degrees there's
like the list goes on there's like over
255 different attributes that you can
use to reach the Right audience on
LinkedIn now LinkedIn is absolutely more
expensive as well compared to other
platforms so for context like the
average cost per view on YouTube can
range from like 5 cents to to 19 cents
depending on the on the targeting option
meta ads it can range quite very uh
dramatically as well it can be as low as
like $5 to like $15 depending on what
type of audiences you're using when it
comes to LinkedIn the average CPM can
range from $20 on the lowend to like $90
on the high-end and generally speaking
the way to think about cpms and and like
cost of distribution is the smaller the
audience size the more expensive it's
going to be for you uh to actually re
this audience and the reason why with
LinkedIn that we want to burn the pond
and not burn the ocean is because we're
already paying a premium in terms of our
distribution costs and we want to make
sure that the Impressions that we are
paying for are only going after a very
very small subset of people that
represent like our Dream clients the
most valuable people we could ever be
running ads to and you know you are
doing LinkedIn ads well when even if you
never got a single conversion meaning
from last touch like from your ads
directly if the impression itself is
valuable this is something I'm always
talking about with clients is like when
you start off with LinkedIn ads we want
to nail the targeting so that the
impression itself is valuable and then
from there now that we know we have
nailed the targeting right so let's say
like this is our targeting and they're
just not reacting in the way we want
them to meaning they're not engaging
with our ads or they're not converting
on our offers well the problem isn't the
targeting we're getting in front of the
right people we validated that the
problem is the experience creating for
these individuals right the offers we're
promoting the ads and the actual
experience in terms of the funnel we're
creating to try to convert that traffic
and move them further along in their
buyer Journey so quick context on
LinkedIn now that you have this in mind
and you understand the importance of
audience and the dynamic of audience
when you're thinking about your budget
really with LinkedIn ads now that you're
really clear on like this is the very
specific group of people that I want to
make sure that I famous to right that I
create this this celebrity with you want
to get clear on what does that audience
size actually look like so here in the
calculator you're going to drop in your
audience size uh if you're not sure cuz
you're just getting started with the
first time in LinkedIn ads just create a
free LinkedIn ads account super basic I
think there's like way too many videos
showing this like I I think you guys are
smart enough to know how to create a
LinkedIn ads account so I'm not going to
waste my time on that but just come here
under audiences go to saved audiences in
the plan section create an audience and
this is called the LinkedIn ads insights
tool and using this tool what you can do
is you can adjust your targeting and you
can preview your target audience before
spending a single dollar this is so
valuable and I highly recommend if
you're serious about LinkedIn and you
want to make this work for you in your
business for your clients whether you're
doing this in-house you're doing this as
an agency make sure you spend the time
to really preview your audience here so
for context let's just do this together
really quickly I think there could be
like a whole separate video just on
audiences and if you guys want that
definitely let me know in the comments
but here you can see I'm going to go
after the United States and I'm going to
narrow this audience down further and
you can see there's so many different
options here in terms of how you can do
this uh for the sake of Simplicity I'm
going to go to job experience job titles
and let's say I want to focus on uh VPS
of marketing cuz those typically do well
for us and if I come here and I click
apply on the bottom you'll see here now
I can preview this audience who is
actually in this audience that LinkedIn
is matching with on the back end of
their database so in this case I've got
an audience size of
85,000 uh so I'm just targeting vice
president of marketing in the United
States so our audience size in this
hypothetical example is
85,000 uh what I could do as well is I
can come here to member which is one of
my favorite and I can scroll all the way
down here to the bottom and I can see
what are the titles that are triggering
for this specific uh audience that I've
created so in this audience of Vice
President of marketing I'm also showing
up for heads of marketing marketing
specialist vice president sales
specialist heads of sales
uh VP of sales and so on and so forth
and the reason why I'm seeing multiple
types of titles pop up even though I'm
targeting only one specific Title Here
is because there's a thing called super
super titles in LinkedIn is kind of like
what we call them uh and just to like
quickly show you what that looks like in
practice uh I'm actually going to go to
LinkedIn and if I go to LinkedIn and I'm
just going to click on my profile here
if I have multiple open roles silver
context like I am the founder of AD
conversion but if I was also the VP of
marketing of some some companies I was
the VP of marketing that was my
full-time job and then I was the founder
of my own startup uh part-time basically
what LinkedIn is doing is it's looking
at both open roles and then it's mixing
and matching so that's why it's not 100%
perfect but it's pretty darn CID so you
want to make sure you come in here you
preview your audience size you get the
audience size and then you really build
up your exclusions so that you can like
just hack away at all of the irrelevant
titles as much as possible and really
build a solid audience again we can do a
future video on this if needed but
really want to make sure you figure out
the audience piece you get that and then
you get the audience size so from there
I'm going to grab the 85k here I'm going
to drop that here into the calculator
and now it's going to ask me what is my
CPM my cost per thousand Impressions so
again can range dramatically but
generally speaking the lower the
audience size the more expensive the
cpms will be uh but it can range between
like 20 and $90 if you've ran LinkedIn
ads already just go into LinkedIn and
see what your average CPM is for that
audience uh let's just say for the sake
of demonstration it's 20 bucks now we
want to choose the frequency so how
often do we want to actually show up to
people in this audience again with
LinkedIn we want to become famous to a
very specific group of people because
they are the best of the best right and
we want to make sure we have the
opportunity to create brand recall with
them and drive them to some meaningful
business outcome so the frequency here
is how often you want them to see your
ad so as a general rule of thumb I would
say put three as a starting point uh
bare minimum obviously is one but if
you're doing ABM and you're trying to
reach multiple people within companies
frequency matters so I would start with
three and then next you want to make
sure you put the percentage of the
audience that you want to reach so if
you're really going like in the way I'm
describing and you're really focusing on
a tighten it audience uh I would
recommend that you focus on a
penetration of 80% at the very minimum
you can do 60% but I wouldn't I wouldn't
personally dip lower than that so when
it's all said and done when we add these
these details here you can see the
required budget to reach an 80% audience
penetration with a frequency of three of
a size of 85k is going to be $4,000 so
if I want to reach this penetration
every single month then I know my budget
has to be $4,000 a month in order to
actually hit this distribution and
awareness skull that I have this is the
first most important part that I think
people miss with LinkedIn because they
go on LinkedIn and they treat it like
Google ads um and it's not the same
thing with LinkedIn you're really trying
to paint a story and and like craft an
experience for people and move them into
some sort of mechanism and build that
brand recall so that now eventually they
they look you up directly they go
through organic they they convert on SEO
or they convert on your ads but the main
benefit of LinkedIn and really paid
social is to drive that ad recall and
build that brand infin and Trust so
anywh who the other thing too I will
mention here on this calculator is if
you do have a budget in mind so like
let's say your budget is 10K a month you
can just put that in here and this is
like a quick way to know like what is
the maximum audience size you could
afford depending on your cpms that you
put here and your frequency and this is
where this is like again like the whole
goal here is to teach you how to think
not just you know give you like like
declarative statements of like hey this
is the budget for you because it's never
like that cut and dry with this being in
mind now you can really start to see and
understand like where vanity metrics
like cpms actually start to make a
difference so for context like if my CPM
is $20 that means I need a budget of 4K
if my CPM jumps up to $30 now I need a
budget of 6K so this is where it really
starts to matter these vanity metrics
that we typically don't you know care
about uh this is where it really starts
to impact your distribution so now that
you understand the impact of this metric
now you can optimize against it so in
the future when you launch your
campaigns you start to optimize your
campaigns you can think okay I'm really
focusing on penetrating a certain
percentage of this audience of this
target accounts for an example how can I
drop my cpms and improve my engagement
so now you can test different campaign
objectives and see oh if I run brand
awareness versus engagement will I get a
reduction in my CPM distribution which
can allow me to reach more people rack
up a higher frequency increase my
audience penetration I hope you guys are
following along but I really wanted to
like give you the the the why and the
how and not just like spoon feed you
stuff so moving on now that we're clear
on the budget I want to walk through
some ideas of strategies for you to get
started just to get off the ground uh
generally speaking when I'm speaking
with clients in the B2B space like these
are the the two most like tried and true
safest places to start uh you know my
opinions on this would definitely might
change over time but as of right now the
time of this recording this is what I
would recommend as like a cookie cutter
starter approach so the first most
simplest and guaranteed way to get
started is remarketing so if you're not
familiar remarketing is targeting people
that have already interacted with your
brand in some way shape or form so this
could be website visitors people that
have visited your LinkedIn company page
people that have interacted with your
ads if you're running ads so you can
take these people who already ideally
like know and trust you and now you can
retarget them and make sure you continue
to serve ads and continue to stay top of
mind for these individuals when it comes
to B2B specifically timing is your
number one enemy this is the thing that
is going to hurt you more than anything
else it is the one thing that we all
have against us compared to B Toc where
you know you have a much shorter sales
cycle people can impulse buy timing is
also a factor but it's not as you know
prevalent and and and potent in terms of
like impact of your success compared to
B2B it could be the exactly the right
person but the wrong time and you're not
going to get the deal so remarketing is
even more important in a B2B context and
environment where you're dealing with
longer sales Cycles you want to make
sure you actually stay in front of the
people that matter and you continue to
nurture and develop that relationship
like the way I explain it to clients is
like we don't want the party to stop
like people are finding you some way
shape or form today whether it's through
SEO organic social or ads from other
platforms like let's keep the party
going right and that's where remarketing
comes into the picture so with
remarketing there's two campaigns that I
recommend you start with as like a
absolute bare minimum and in terms of
budget if I have to give you a cookie
cutter response I would say like no more
than 1,000 minimum and like one to 3K is
like the good starting point for
remarketing and this is assuming of
course you have a small audience size
really what you want to do here with the
two campaigns is you want to focus on
thought leader ads and conversation ads
so thought leader ads are awesome
because a thought leader ad is basically
taking a native organic post on LinkedIn
and then boosting it with ads so thought
leader ads are awesome because the ad is
native to the platform right people
don't like it doesn't look like an ad so
just if you've never seen thought leader
ads before uh you guys can definitely
come to our blog and in the AC
conversion blog we've got a ton of
resources we also talk about this to in
our course but basically here just to
show you some quick examples thought
leader ads like they look like an
organic post and you're just boosting it
you're you're promoting it with ads so
you're guaranteeing the distribution of
that content and the good thing about
thought leader ads we've compared this
um against like standard company page
ads and as you would imagine because
it's coming from an individual it looks
more organic to the platform people
react better to it they respond better
to it so they typically have the higher
click-through rates better view rates uh
better engagement rates lower cpms so
just generally much better distribution
and performance for this ad type so for
remarketing you're going to focus on
thought leader ads this could be with
images or video or even just standard
text but I would recommend image or
video you're going to boost that to your
remarketing audience so in this case
like web visitors LinkedIn company page
visitors Etc um and then the second
campaign you're going to do is using
conversation ads and in the conversation
ads campaign this is really where we're
going to try to drive some sort of
direct response and get them to convert
so conversation ads if you guys aren't
familiar if you come here into the
LinkedIn ad Library this is a great Tool
uh where you can basically look up
inspiration of different ads to inform
your strategy and if you search first
name like this this is a personalization
macro that can be included in
conversation ads and Spotlight and text
ads basically you can search first name
and then the the name of the offer that
you want to promote so like demo and
then you can search it and then this
will pull up examples of conversation
ads so like just clicking on this first
example a conversation ad is a message
Mage that goes into the users inbox
where you're able to create a
conversation where you set up multiple
different responses B that you want the
user to take so I I've had done a ton of
videos on conversation ads on this
channel if you want to check those guys
uh those videos out but essentially
these are really great at driving
conversion so kind of walking through
the strategy here you have thought
leader ads that are either from like
your founder your CEO from from clients
from employees but you're taking content
that is valuable IT addresses the
problems you solve you can also try to
make a a direct response offer in the
actual thought leader ad by adding the
link in the post but essentially the
main purpose here is you want to build
affinity and Trust stay in front of them
and then the conversation ad is like
this is like the one two where the
conversation ad now goes into the
person's inbox sends more personalized
message and tries to get them to take
the next step in terms of converting uh
on your primary offer whether that's
like free trial demo or so on and so
forth so this is the first starting
point that I would recommend uh the next
one if we're talking prospecting again
going back to the analogy of like you
want to burn the pond not the ocean is
uh you really want to go specific and
take advantage of the account-based
targeting so with LinkedIn you have the
ability when you create audiences to
Target based on company list so for
context if I come here you can see I can
list upload and I can upload company
list into LinkedIn and then I can Target
these lists so if you've never done that
before and you want to learn more just
let me know in the comments but
basically you would just come here under
matched audiences you'd create a matched
audience and then you would do a company
or contact list and then you would just
need to import a CSV of company names
and domains and this is something that
can also be automated as well uh through
your CRM so you can do this dynamically
but basically using a account list plus
job titles is going to make it very very
specific and reduce the total budget
that you need in terms of like actually
getting in front of this audience and
reaching a high enough audience
penetration where you can actually
create some real brand infinity and
trust and drive some direct response so
for context like for me what this might
look like is I have let's say I'm trying
to drive business in the cyber security
space so I might have like a list of
accounts of cyber companies and then I'm
going to combine this with uh titles of
VPS of Market marketing right as an
example right or CMOS so these two
together will allow me to have a much
smaller audience size but the quality of
that audience is so much greater in
addition to this the other really
important thing that I will add is you
want to make sure that uh you monitor
your audience size so like just to give
you guys a general rule of thumb like of
what's a what's a good audience size cuz
I see that come up often with beginners
is generally speaking you want to have
an audience size less than
250,000 that's really like the sweet
spot if it's more than 250 you typically
have an opportunity to like filter that
audience size down much further and
really take advantage of like you know
the combinations of audience criteria
where you can combine titles and lists
and other things to really like shrink
it down to be more and more potent um so
if you need a general rule of thumb I
typically tell my team like let's keep
it less than 250 if it's more than 250
and it's on point and you're really
happy with the quity quity of the
audience that you're seeing then that's
fine like feel free to break that rule
you know what I mean as long as the
caveat here is that it is on point
that's that's what I'll leave with you
guys that okay so now that we talked
about budget and some strategies that
you can Implement let's just quickly
walk through actually launching your
first campaign so that you don't you
know explode your budget in the process
uh the really interesting about thing
about like ads is it's like one of those
few things where the difference of a
click of a button can really make a huge
deal in terms of what happens so just
like quick run through of the LinkedIn
ads platform here is you have campaign
groups you have campaigns and you have
ads so that's kind of the hierarchy So
within groups you have campaigns within
campaigns you have ads you can think of
groups as like folders or tags it's just
basically how you want to group
campaigns underneath it in terms of
campaign groups uh there's not like a
hard rule the the main thing is that you
have some sort of like rhyme and reason
so for context like you could build
different campaign groups groups based
on region so if you're running ads in
North America Mia APAC you could have
three different sets of groups you could
break it out based on the stage of the
funnel so for you that might be like
Tofu mofu bofu for us at AC conversion
and we we what we teach is like the five
stages model so that's create capture
accelerate revive and expand it could be
um based on the offer you have one group
for demo requests one for you know
webinar Etc so really just depending on
your goals and your budget just choose a
campaign group that makes sense you
could always come back in the future and
update the name so no stress the second
thing is now when you're actually in the
campaign uh you're going to come here
and click create campaign and you have a
bunch of options here in terms of
campaign objectives and these are a lot
of things to take in consideration
around campaign objectives I feel like
this could be a whole separate video but
just to like run through this to give
you what you need just to get started
and like get your first campaign out out
the door um awareness campaigns are
really great when you are trying to
really optimize for a lower cost per
thousand impression you want more
distribution at a discount that's when I
would be considering brand awareness so
if I'm like okay I really want to make
sure that this content gets seen this
event is seen Etc and I really want to
reach a higher audience pettion brand
awareness is great for that if you're
more so inclin where you want to get
charged if somebody actually clicks on
your ads and goes to your website versus
just being served the ads you want to be
charged like on a link click basis
website visitors website visits is much
better for that and then you could also
like a cool tip here is you can use
website visits with the spotlight and
text ads because those placements
typically get much less clicks because
of where they are so you're basically
getting like free Impressions Because
unless somebody actually clicks it and
people often don't click it you're
basically getting a ton of free
Impressions so it's really cool so
that's when I would consider website
visits if you want to just get charged
on a link click basis the second one is
engagement so engagement is really good
when you want to focus on driving more
reactions on your post so like more
likes more shares more comments and this
is really awesome because if you canare
engagement with thought leader ads which
is like one of my favorite combinations
because the the native organic post
already has really good organic Traction
in terms of reactions if you then use
engagement alongside it with thought
leader ads it really allows you to
dramatically improve the reactions of
that post and it matters because if
these are signals to the LinkedIn ads
auction where if your ad is resonating
more it's getting more positive
responses they will reward you with
lower cpms and more distribution so
using this with thought leader ads is an
awesome combination video views is
really when you want to focus on driving
more views of your video so typically if
you're running videos uh you would do
this um that's pretty much
straightforward there lead generation is
when you want to focus on driving leads
but you want to use linkedin's native
lead forms so these are like little
forms that pop up that will uh preop
populate a lot of the person's
information so for context like instead
of them clicking on the ad and going to
your landing page or website they'd
click on the ad a form would pop up and
then it would just ask them for like
their work email and then a lot of the
other information that you ask of them
could already be pre-filled based on
their LinkedIn profile Ur all meaning
they don't have to write it out meaning
higher conversion rates uh for you
because of the form process is much more
simple the downside though with this
could be quality so that could be you
know a whole separate conversation but
this is really great if lead gen is is
important to you website conversions is
good if you want to drive people to a
landing page and drive some sort of
conversion action lead generation
website conversions like
conversion-based campaign objectives are
more expensive they have higher cpms uh
the cost of inventory is greater so if
you are going to use these conversion
objectives just know you're going to pay
uh a premium on that distribution so you
really want to make sure that the cost
per lead the cost per mql the cost per
op makes sense to to run that play uh
and then Talent leads and job applicants
is like not relevant for like 99% of
people I speak with so I probably won't
spend too much time there so let's just
move on here let's click engagement this
is the first trap uh make sure you
choose classic you have all of the
options available and not accelerate so
let's click next you want to actually
make sure you give your campaign uh you
know a logical name so you want to
follow some sort of naming convention um
just so you guys know and not to like
spend too much time here but in our
website if you come here all of our
courses are free you can take our
LinkedIn ads 101 course that's taught by
yonberg and he walks you through like a
naming convention that you can use for
your campaigns campaign groups how to
set this all up so he walks you through
it in much more detail in the course so
definitely check this out um and the
whole course you guys can do in 2 hours
and 6 minutes because no lesson is
longer than 10 minutes but the main
thing I want to stress here is um have
some sort of like rhyme and reason of
like how you name your campaigns so like
for Simplicity I'm going to do uh region
campaign objective and then like ad type
so thought leader and that's it so now
it's like super obvious and then this is
going to make life really easily in the
future because reporting sucks in
LinkedIn and a lot of the reporting
you're going to do is being based on
your ad names and your campaign names so
make sure you you're very explicit with
what's going on okay moving on here is
where you would actually add your your
audience so if you spent the time to
build the audience in the audience
Insight tool and you created it as a
saved audience you would see it here as
an opportunity for you and then you can
come here you can apply that said
audience and now uh it would you know
pass over all of the characteristics so
you can always look here as a reference
to make sure you're within you know a
reasonable amount uh less than 250 and
then from there you would you know all
your exclusions be be applied and so on
and so forth the next trap I want you
guys to avoid when you're launching your
campaign is audience expansion so
there's like not to get too derailed but
there's like pros and cons to everything
right it's really like understanding the
root of the tree and like why it's grown
that way and why the beliefs are there
but just to kind of give you guys some
quick context here audience expansion
basically means that LinkedIn can go
outside of the audience that you've
given them and reach other people that
they feel are relevant based on what you
what you told them uh if you're just
getting started like let's make sure
that you're really focused on again like
that super core tight audience cluster
that you're going after and not diluting
your focus so uncheck this button to
just make sure you're laser laser focus
on the people that matter get traction
with them and then when you want to
scale in the future you can scale
through adding in different audience
attributes and then maybe one day you
can check the audience expansion button
and see how it performs for it for you
uh moving on is your ad format so
depending on what you want to do choose
the right one I'm going to actually just
choose single image ads here and uh next
is your campaign tracking parameters
these are really cool and this could be
a separate video basically what LinkedIn
did was they allowed us to apply an
account level tracking parameter
template so now all of your links
automatically get associated with the
the UTM uh this is like kind of nerdy
and Technical but why this matters is
one it's going to make your life much
easier in terms of like now you no
longer have to worry about like tagging
your links individually which is kind of
a pain in the butt but the second reason
why this really matters is because now
you're able to use the same ad across
multiple campaigns so if I had one
campaign that's using thought leader ads
uh leveraging the engagement objective
and then I had another campaign that's
using the brand awareness objective but
it's pointing towards the same ad I
don't have to create a new ad because
the link is unique we're now L would
create a duplicate I can use the same ad
across multiple campaigns using multiple
objectives which the outcome of that
means more social proof more stacking of
proof which means better reactions
better cpms better engagement better
ctrs and so on and so forth so if you
want to just like as a starting point
you can just take a screenshot of this
and leverage this for you um and just
leverage this apply it at the account
level so then you don't have to put it
here every time at the campaign level
and it's really great uh to just to
streamline things moving on is
placements this is the next trap I want
you guys to avoid just uncheck the
LinkedIn Audience Network this is
basically like the equivalent of
Google's Display Network uh but for
LinkedIn and the reason why we
personally do not recommend using the
LinkedIn Audience Network is because you
don't have a lot of visibility on where
your ads are being seen you also don't
have a lot of visibility on how the ad
is actually rendered on the placements
so we really just want to focus on like
running ads on LinkedIn right that's the
main goal that's the main focus and not
running ads outside of LinkedIn where we
can't really control it and focus on it
if you really want to do a lot more
Audience Network like advertising on the
open internet then I really recommend
that you get into like programmatic
advertising and you learn more about
like online video connected TV you know
things like this where you have more
control and then you can sign up for
like a third party DSP a demands side
platform where you can run programmatic
ads with much more Effectiveness so
moving on is your budget and schedule so
our general rule of thumb here is like
no less than $50 a day in Daily budget
that's like a general rule of telling my
team uh just make sure that like you
know especially with the cost of
LinkedIn and the average cost per click
it it just means that you can actually
you know drive more Impressions or more
clicks depending on your objective uh
and and make sure your ads learn fast
enough before they get shut off so
that's what I would recommend there and
then for the bid strategy um the default
option works for the most part so in
this case maximum delivery
but if you did want to be more
constrictive in terms of getting more
Bang from the LinkedIn ads auction for a
lower cost you could switch to manual
bidding and then you can basically what
is called floor bidding where you set
your bid to the absolute bare minimum so
for context if I put like zero here it's
going to say zero maybe a bid that is
too low bid higher and you can see here
we recommend bidding 165 so if I wanted
to floor bid I might put it at $1 launch
the campaign see how it does am I
getting a lot of like spend per day is
my is my reach looking good if I'm too
throttled and I'm not bidding
aggressively enough for the the the
competition and the auction then you
start to ramp this bid up over time so
from 1 I go to 130 then I see how it
does then I move up to 150 and
eventually what you can do if you cost
bid like this is like you can find this
equilibrium between cost and the
distribution of that cost and and and
the and how often your actually able to
spend your daily budget but this takes
more work um I think it's worth manual
bidding for conversion campaigns and
Lead gen campaigns because you're
dealing with much more expensive cpcs
but for awareness engagement video views
typically maximum delivery is fine and
then if you're really getting strategic
about this then you could switch it over
to a manual bid and see if you can get
some more more breaks on your
distribution costs okay last but not
least here is conversion tracking uh
this this like deserves a whole separate
video but like the key thing I want you
guys to take away is like you can only
manage what you measure like what Peter
Dreer once said so make sure you have
conversion tracking set up so that you
understand did people actually take that
direct response and so on and so forth
and one other thing I will mention here
on conversion tracking is especially for
B2B where it is harder to get signals
and data faster to be able to iterate
and test and optimize is you really want
to be thinking about conversion tracking
in terms of leading and lagging kpis so
lead in kpis are things that happen
within a 7 to 14-day period lagging kpis
are things that happen after a 14-day
period and you really want to be asking
and thinking to yourself like what are
these early signals like in the in the
product world we call them proxy metrics
what are the proxy metrics that we can
control that will help Drive the
meaningful outcome that we care about so
for context like where I learned this
was from the one of the first VPS of
product at Netflix I attended one of his
workshops shs and what he mentioned was
when he was at Netflix like one of the
the biggest challenges that they were
trying to improve on was improving the
watch time of every Netflix user they
were really trying hard that was like
the lagging metric that they cared about
they wanted more people spending more
time on Netflix and you know that that's
hard to change that behavior right it's
a lagging thing it happens after the
fact so for them they really focused on
uh proxy metrics leading metrics uh I
forget exactly what what it was for them
I think it was like the um the number of
results found in relation to searches so
basically they would track like if you
would search on the Netflix platform did
you actually find the thing you're
looking for and then did you click
through on the thing uh the other thing
that they test is the um the cover
images of all of the movies and shows
and they measure the click-through rate
of those things as well so cuz their
whole premise is if somebody doesn't
find what they're looking for and they
don't click through then they're never
going to watch in the first place so
those are examples of leading metrics
that they control that they track that
they optimize towards to improve their
lagging metrics so for you in the case
of like LinkedIn ads if your strategy is
focusing on promoting blog content and
the whole thesis here is the more blogs
that this this audience reads the more
brand affinity and Trust I will create
then ask yourself like what is a proxy
metric what is a leading metric that you
can create to measure consumption of
that blog content so that might be
something like an Engaged visit that
could be somebody that Scrolls 75% of
the way through your page and they stay
for at least a minute that's a much
better signal for you as a leading
metric to optimize towards versus
somebody that just like clicked my ad
right what does that really mean it
doesn't really help you understand if
it's proving true to your experiment and
your thesis uh on the flip side the
lagging metric could be somebody
actually signing up for a free trial or
converting so set up your conversion
tracking if you guys want more on this
let me know in the comments and again
like in our LinkedIn ads courses that
are free yber does a really good job too
and he walks you through conversion
tracking um moving on is now that we've
set up the campaign configurations is
the actual ads so for the ads uh for
using thought leader ads like to close
out this demonstration I'm going to
browse existing content and then you can
see here these are ads that like we're
running for ad conversion on the agency
side of our business um you can see here
company page so like I can take my
company page content and I can promote
it as an ad but where the real magic
happens if is you use LinkedIn members
and now I can use any LinkedIn member as
long as they give me approval so that
could be your founder your CEO your
employees your clients Etc so like I'll
just use myself as a sake of
demonstration and I can take some of my
ads so like uh for example this one here
on three common mistakes people do with
like LinkedIn Cappy implementations and
I can take this and I can promote it as
an ad uh generally speaking our rule of
thumb
when we are you know recommending how
many ad variations we should have in a
campaign what we recommend is ideally
three active ads I know LinkedIn
recommends five but the reason why we
say three and not five is because if
we're spending minimum $50 a day per
campaign we want to make sure each
campaign or each ad gets enough volume
gets enough spend before turning it off
and if we were to add in two more active
variations then that means like each
variation is only getting $10 a day in
Daily spend it's just going to take
infinitely longer and we really want to
improve our testing cycle and velocity
so that way our ads learn much faster so
one last thing I will leave with you
guys here with on ads like just to add
these two things here as an example is
once you launch your campaigns if you
notice that your ads aren't getting
equal delivery so like one ad is getting
the line share of the budget the other
one's not really getting much and and
it's hard for you to see like okay is
the variation actually going to have a
worthwhile shot in terms of
performance you can come here and you
can switch the ad rotation option from
optimize for performance to rotate
rotate ads evenly uh I used to be of the
mind that to you just leave it rotate
ads evenly and then you get that equal
distribution now I'm kind of 50/50 and I
keep swapping back and forth so whether
you want to just start rotate ads evenly
and then you know like monitor it and
then make the adjustments or you want to
start optimize for performance and then
if you run into that you switch to
rotate ads evenly you can see for
yourself uh when that comes up but that
is essentially it guys like I hope this
video is helpful and it really taught
you how to think about LinkedIn ads how
to get started in terms of your budget
some strategies to get started with and
how to actually avoid like common traps
that beginners fall into when launching
their first campaigns if you like this
kind of content if you can do me a favor
like this video subscribe to the channel
for more and if you want to dive deeper
into LinkedIn ads like I said we provide
free courses at AC conversion 5,000 plus
BB marketers are taking our courses they
are actually free I promise like there's
no upsell here uh our whole thing is we
provide free courses because we want to
create a place on the internet where we
can learn how to run ads uh from start
to finish because when I was learning
how to run ads and coming up I would get
ripped off by like gurus and coaches
that like you know just they were full
of crap uh so we want to avoid that and
we wanted to create a special place so
that's why our course are free the only
paid offer we have is our community so
if you want to go deeper you want to ask
questions you want to connect you want
playbooks Etc that's what our community
is for but you can check out these three
courses from yonberg who is an absolute
beast at LinkedIn ads um and our 101
course is great because it'll give you
really good context and a crash course
on how to get started and launch your
first campaign 102 is really nice
because it'll teach you now that your
campaigns are launched how to actually
optimize them make them better and then
the 103 campaign is really great that
now that you've optimized congrats how
do you do more how do you drive it to
the next level so that is it for this
video thanks so much for watching if you
want more content on LinkedIn ads here
on YouTube then check out this video
here and I'll see you guys in the next
one